add aws credential provider docs (#373)
streamnative/pulsar-io-sqs: docs/sqs-sink.md

You can create a configuration file (JSON or YAML) to set the following properties.

| Name                       | Type   | Required | Default            | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|----------------------------|--------|----------|--------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `awsEndpoint`              | String | false    | " " (empty string) | AWS SQS end-point URL. It can be found at [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/sqs-service.html#sqs_region).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `awsEndpoint`              | String | false    | " " (empty string) | AWS SQS end-point URL. You can find it at [AWS SQS Service endpoints](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/sqs-service.html#sqs_region).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

| `awsRegion`                | String | true     | " " (empty string) | Supported AWS region. For example, us-west-1, us-west-2.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `awsCredentialPluginName`  | String | false    | " " (empty string) | Fully-qualified class name of implementation of `AwsCredentialProviderPlugin`, builtin options are listed below. It is a factory class which creates an AWSCredentialsProvider that is used by SQS connector. If it is empty, the SQS connector creates a default AWSCredentialsProvider which accepts json-map of credentials in `awsCredentialPluginParam` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `awsCredentialPluginName`  | String | false    | " " (empty string) | Fully-qualified class name of implementation of `AwsCredentialProviderPlugin`. Built-in options are listed below. It is a factory class that creates an AWSCredentialsProvider that is used by the SQS connector. If it is empty, the SQS connector creates a default AWSCredentialsProvider which accepts a JSON-format map of credentials in `awsCredentialPluginParam`. |
```

> | `awsCredentialPluginParam` | String | true     | " " (empty string) | JSON parameter to initialize `AwsCredentialsProviderPlugin`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `awsCredentialPluginParam` | String | true     | " " (empty string) | The JSON parameter to initialize `AwsCredentialsProviderPlugin`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```

> | `queueName`                | String | true     | " " (empty string) | Name of the SQS queue that messages should be read from or written to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `queueName`                | String | true     | " " (empty string) | The name of the SQS queue that messages should be read from or written to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

- sqs:CreateQueue
- sqs:SendMessage

### Built-in AWS Credential plugins

The following are built-in `AwsCredentialProviderPlugin` plugins:

* ` ` (empty)

>   If the plugin is empty, the SQS connector creates a default AWSCredentialsProvider which accepts json-map of credentials in `awsCredentialPluginParam`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the plugin is empty, the SQS connector creates a default AWSCredentialsProvider which accepts a JSON-format map of credentials in `awsCredentialPluginParam`.
```

  The configuration of the default AWSCredentialsProvider is as follows:

  ```json
  {
    "accessKey": "myKey",
    "secretKey": "mySecretKey",
  }
  ```

* `org.apache.pulsar.io.aws.AwsDefaultProviderChainPlugin`

  This plugin takes no configuration, it uses the default AWS provider chain.

  For more information, see [AWS documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-java/v1/developer-guide/credentials.html#credentials-default).

* `org.apache.pulsar.io.aws.STSAssumeRoleProviderPlugin`

  This plugin takes a configuration (via the `awsCredentialPluginParam`) that describes a role to assume when running the SQS Client.

>   This configuration takes the form of a small json document like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This configuration takes the form of a small JSON-format document like below:
```
